Loan welcome in this lecture.
We're going to go through a challenge for the mediator.
It's going to test your understanding of the mediator design pattern so the requirements we're going
to create an application that simulates an auction.
We're gonna use the mediator pattern for communication of all bids done by buyers so all the bids are
gonna go through a mediator the auction mediator is responsible for adding the buyers determining which
buyer won each auction and letting each buyer know that the auction has ended after finding the winner
so your first step is to create the mediator interface.
This interface is going to allow you to add buyers and it's also going to find the highest bidder.
The next step is to create the concrete mediators.
This all these conquer meteors should maintain a list of all the buyers.
They're also going to find the highest bidder by traversing the list see you as the highest bid and
then they'll send a message to buyer that the auction is over.
You need to create the colleague abstract class.
This could be named buyer.
This will contain methods for bidding canceling a bid in notification of when an auction has ended.
It will also have state for name in price so two member variables name and price.
You need to create the concrete colleagues next.
This will be auction buyers.
All they need to do is display default messages when the auction has ended.
You also need to create the clients.
The clients should simulate the auction they should create some buyers.
They should add some buyers to the mediator and then they should have some buyers place some bids cancel
bids etc..
Here are some example output.
Here we created some users some auction buyers and we basically use the mediator to add them to the
list so we have three buyers.
We then displayed some message such as to saying Welcome to the auction tonight we're selling a vacation
to Vegas.
Please make some offers and then they're waiting for buyers off as the mediator.
And then through all the offers that we'll make in the client will then announce the winner and then
we'll also allow to cancel.
So they immediately cancelled their bid.
In that case the next person was the winner and they paid eighteen hundred dollars for the item and
then we notify the other auctions that the auction is over and that the winning bid has been found.
So the goals of the challenge are you should have a clear idea that this pattern is very useful.
When we observe complex communications and a system communication among officers is much simpler with
this pattern.
This pattern is going to reduce the number of subclasses in the system and it's also going to enhance
loose coupling.
Here the Many to Many relationship is we've placed with a one to many not many to many being many auction
buyers to many other auction buyers.
It's one too many one auction buyer to the mediator it's much easier to read and understand we can provide
a centralized control with this pattern boy downfalls sometimes the cancellation process can become
tricky when we can find it difficult to maintain or implement especially if we have a lot a lot of complexity
in that mediator itself but these are the goals for the assignment.
Implement this mediator pattern to simulate an auction.
I gave you many tips on the classes that you need to create.
Let me know if you have any questions in the queue.
Otherwise good luck in the next lecture I'll provide a solution to this challenge.
Thank you.